doc(archive_maintenance):  arch contract data maintenance description (#1062)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/maintenance.md

# Bonita Maintenance

> Sometimes the overall performances of the bonita platform could be altered cause by the different issue like  archive table becomes to be heavy.

Reviewer: There is no identified altered performance issue. Only database size is big and the step to migrate to 7.7 is long.
To be rephrased to something that explains what we will learn in this page ( e.g. learn to do maintenance operation to reduce database size)

 
Section will describes the maintenance operations could be done to retrieve  optimal performance. 

# Archive Contract Data 

Sometimes the archive contract data  table becomes to heavy and could cause effect on overall of performance of bonita platform. It has also the benefit to release disk spaces.

> These section will describe how purge the `archive_contract_data` table, depending of the bonita version installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These sections will describe how to purge the `archive_contract_data` table, depending on the version of Bonita Platform installed.
```

**Warning**

> _Keep in mind that the contract data's will continue to be archived and the table will continue to be fill,  even  purge has be done. Hoverer, it's possible to deactivate the archiving of `contract data's`, please see ([Configurable Archive](configurable-archive.md).)_  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Keep in mind that the contract data will continue to be archived and the table will continue to be filled, even after the purge has been done. Hoverer, it's possible to deactivate the archiving of `contract data's`, please see ([Configurable Archive](configurable-archive.md).)_  
```
